{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2513
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue-Bold;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red27\green31\blue34;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c14118\c16078\c18039;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww28600\viewh15500\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs64 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Text-based-search-engine\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs32 \cf2 \cb3 This project repository include below files/folders.\
\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3 1.file4.csv :
\f1\b0  This is the data file, where we have cleaned data. It consist of 50 records with below fileds.\cb1 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 1. book_id\cb1 \
\cb3 2. bookname\cb1 \
\cb3 3.author_id\cb1 \
\cb3 4. chapter\cb1 \
\cb3 5. text\
\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3 2. templates folder :
\f1\b0  This is the templates folder with UI screen designs both for search and results screens.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3 3. static folder :
\f1\b0  This folder consist of UI style/design CSS file and also background image used in UI.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3 4. lib folder :
\f1\b0  This folder is required for running the application.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3 5. bin folder :
\f1\b0  This folder is required for running the application.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3 6. stemmer folder :
\f1\b0  This folder consists of stemming related packages.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3 7. tokenizers folder :
\f1\b0  This folder consists of packages related to word tokenizer.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3 8. app.py :
\f1\b0  This file is the key driving file of the application. To launch the application locally this file need to be triggered.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3 9. load_file.py :
\f1\b0  Loading dataset(file4.csv) is done using thsi file.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3 10. build_df.py :
\f1\b0  This pyhton file is used to generate the dictionary with document frequency(DF) of the input file.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3 11. cosine_similarity.py :
\f1\b0  This pyhton file is used to process a input query provided by user and provide the results that matching the query.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3 12. preprocess_data.py :
\f1\b0  This python file is used to process both input data file and input provided by user query. Following functions are included in this file.\cb1 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 1.lower case conversion\cb1 \
\cb3 2.stop words removal\cb1 \
\cb3 3.removing punctuations\cb1 \
\cb3 4.stemming\cb1 \
\cb3 5.number to word conversion\
\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3 13. tf_idf.py :
\f1\b0  This python file is used to calculate tf-idf scores.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3 14. Procfile :
\f1\b0  This file is required for hosting the application in web.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3 15. pyvenv.cfg:
\f1\b0  This is system generated file when application is created in flask.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3 16. requirements.txt :
\f1\b0  This file consist of all required python packages which will be auto installed when application is launched.\
\
To run the application in local machine, open this complete folder in any IDE suggestable Visual Studio.\
\
## activate environment\
>> source bin/activate\
\
## Launch app\
>> python app.py}